Happy birthday. Randall!
I was at the cliff. I missed you.
- Cheers.
- I'll catch up with you soon.
- Quinn.
- Well. if it isn't staten kirkland.
- In the flesh.
- Better late than never.
- Quinn.
Staten.
- Davis.
- Great party.
What can I say? I'd do
anything for my nephew.
Look at you. New dress.
- No...
- brings out the Amber flecks in your eyes.
Thank you.
I'll leave you to it. I. I got a big
birthday reveal in the works. so...
- "The Amber flecks in your eyes"?
- He was just being nice.
- It's good to see you out off the ranch.
- It's been a while.
That's what the doctor
prescribes after your wife dies.
Two years of heavy sulking. go
all-out shut-in. grow the beard out.
I love it.
Well. I mean. if you like it...
Might as well keep it. right?
Okay.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Shots for the birthday boy.
Always looking for trouble.
Baby. I'm not looking
for trouble. I am trouble.
Reid. here he comes.
Hey. uncle staten.
Hey. boys. Lauren.
Could I get a minute?
Yeah.
Thanks.
Where were you this morning?
I waited at the cliff for you.
I never said I was coming.
It's our tradition. Randall.
Randall!
Hold... hold...
Where are we going?
Trust me. trust me.
- No way!
- Yes!
- What?
Uncle Davis!
Yeah.
Come on. dad! I told
him it was your favorite.
This is sick.
Most of you knew my sister. I know
right now she's looking down on us.
And she's...
She's saying. "Davey..."
"You are spoiling that boy."
As I should.
- Happy birthday. Randall.
- My god. Thank you. uncle Davis.
Enjoy.
Let's go.
You're gonna return that car first thing.
People like Davis do not
give gifts without strings.
What've you got against
uncle Davis anyway?
You act like you're the
only one who lost somebody.
- Okay. I'm warning you...
- you're an asshole.
- That is enough!
- God. I wish it was you that died.
Randall! Hey! R...
Yeah. hello?
What are you talking about?
Hey. Quinn.
Let's go. biscuit.
Sorry I'm late. Ellie. Tractor
died again. It's a whole thing.
You realize how long it's gonna take me
to sow three acres of lavender by hand?
Well. I hate to pile on. but
the banjees just canceled.
- But they're playing tonight.
- Not anymore they're not.
How am I supposed to run a dance hall
when the musical acts keep canceling?
Well. I happen to know a musician.
- No.
- Yes.
- Why not?
We both know the piano I play
isn't the kind people
around here like to dance to.
That and I'm meeting
staten at the game tonight.
And don't give me that look.
What look?
That look.
Okay. I'm not giving any look.
He's my friend. Ellie.
You and amalah were friends.
It's not your job to put her
husband's heart back in one piece.
And even if it were. Quinn.
I'm not so sure you could. I mean.
not after Randall.
Let's go!
Yeah. baby! Let's go!
Woo-hoo! Spartans!
Go. spartans!
That cherry soda for me?
Davis. No. it's not.
- I am wounded. Yeah.
- Are you?
It's all right. You can make it up to me.
- Can I?
- Dinner at Maeve's.
Not exactly the reaction I was hoping for.
I'm sorry.
It's just that you've had a
really long time to ask me that.
You've heard of the friend zone?
That's right here.
But way up here
is the brother of the best friend zone.
That one's real hard to shake
off. In fact. most men don't make it.
You seem to think you have.
Well. you know. Haven't I?
- I don't know.
- Think about it. The offer stands.
I'm a real good time.
Hey.
- I feel weird.
- Really? Couldn't tell.
Piss off.
- Nachos?
- Thank you.
Cherry soda?
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I
Okay.
Any sign of that ut scout?
No. no one's ever gonna come out here.
Lucas Russell's having a glow-up.
Really? No. I did not notice.
Okay. guys.
- One on one. Ready!
- Break!
Come on.
Yes! Yes!
Shit!
- Sorry.
- It's okay.
Ready! Hut!
Hey.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
- Let's get you out of here.
- No. no. no. I'm fine.
I'm good. You stay.
I'm gonna be by tomorrow
to look after that tractor. Okay.
Hut!
This isn't a good idea.
Lucas. We weren't invited.
Yeah. we're never invited.
It's never a good idea.
Come on. Jack.
What about "this is over" do
you not understand. Reid Collins?
Babe. you said you wanted
space and I gave you space.
- But it's gone on long enough. okay?
- I know.
I just think we want different things.
Right?
I want something that's...
More than this town.
More isn't always better. Lauren.
You'll change your mind. You'll
see. You and me are meant to be.
Ooh. Careful.
That stuff will kill you.
Consider my life saved.
- Means you owe me a blood debt.
- A blood debt?
Is that right?
Now you gotta save me back.
Deal's off.
You don't have to tell me this
town is sitting on liquid gold.
I'm the one who pushed
the permits through city hall.
We appreciate that. Mr. Collins.
but in order to run that
pipeline to the aquifer.
you need to get staten
kirkland and cap Fuller on board.
Without them. the deal is off the table.
Don't worry. I'll get it done.
That second mortgage on
your ranch is depending on it.
Yeah.
- What are you doing?
- Same thing we've been doing for months.
Yeah. but what if Reid sees?
I can take care of myself.
Can I help you. son?
Just heading up to the Fuller
ranch. Got some work lined up there.
I'll give you a ride.
Come on.
Howdy.
Yancy grey.
Sheriff brig man.
Welcome to ransom canyon. yancy.
Where'd you say you were from again?
You know.
Here and there. No place special.
I take it you worked a ranch before?
- Yeah.
- Anywhere I'd know?
- It...
- let me guess.
Here and there. No place special.
Relax. just busting your chops.
Knowing cap Fuller. you might
want to head back to here and there.
- Why is that?
- I guess you'll find out.
You're late.
- Sorry about that. Yancy grey.
- Let's go.
Now the stalls need mucking.
the horses need shoeing.
fences need mending.
Days are long. and we
already agreed on pay.
That is... well. I don't
renegotiate. you got it?
- I'm your man. Mr. Fuller.
- Your new digs.
That a problem?
Feels like home already.
Morning to you too. staten.
Come on. biscuit.
Cap?
You in here?
Just who in the hell are you?
Damn!
I think you'll survive.
- Is that your medical opinion?
- Matter of fact. it is.
I used to be a nurse.
Sorry if I... rattled you.
Don't be.
You didn't. You gonna
tell me who you are now?
- Cap's new foreman.
- Right!
- Randy.
- Yancy.
And you are?
Ellie estevez.
Cap and my pops go way
back. so I pop in. keep an eye out.
do some errands for him.
Actually. would you mind
taking this to the house?
Blood pressure meds. I'm
kinda running late for work.
- Hospital?
- Bar.
Well. dance hall.
You should. stop by.
"Welcome to ransom" drinks on me.
I just might do that.
It's nice to meet you. Ellie estevez.
Look at you.
What the hell?
Hey. thanks for the ride.
- Don't forget. rent is due today.
- Yeah. yeah. I got it handled.
Keep focusing on school. all right?
And stay out of trouble. kit.
Way to shoot your shot. bro.
- Guess what?
- What?
Turns out ut's scout
was at the game after all.
Shut up.
She wants us to come to
Austin for their cheer clinic.
- You know what this could mean?
- It could mean a full ride to ut!
- That's right. We did it. bitch.
- We did it. yeah!
Would you like some pie?
- Needs a new belt. doesn't it?
- Yep.
- Did I not say it was the belt?
- You did.
And you were right.
Sorry about last night.
Shouldn't have pushed you to go.
No. you didn't... You
didn't push. It's fine.
I just... I guess I just
wanted... Wanted to what?
What. ease me back
into the world of the living?
Yeah.
I get it.
I can do that.
Already done.
You used to wear your
hair like that in high school.
Yeah.
Okay. well. I'll figure that belt
out and get back to you tomorrow.
All right.
Yeah. okay. I'll see you then.
I'm gonna need a drink for this.
So...
To what do I owe the pleasure. Davis?
You're really gonna make me say it?
Well. I know it's not because you want me
to sell my land to those Austin water boys
so they can build their
damn pipeline. right?
This is my home.
I know.
And it will stay that way.
They'll guarantee a leaseback.
Nothing changes.
Except you. me. and cap will
all be. several million richer.
Yeah. I don't need any more money.
Yeah. I know you don't.
But. you know. you inherited
60.000 acres in a trust fund. so...
Yeah. well. you're not doing
so bad yourself. are you?
Staten...
This would be good
for ransom. for the town.
Look. don't be so provincial. Think
about people apart from yourself for once.
You got no goddamn sense.
The world's drying up.
That aquifer feeds our Wells.
our crops. and our cattle.
and I'm not gonna let them
run it dry. You understand?
Staten. the town has already
granted permission for the pipeline.
It's only a matter of
time until I find a way.
with or without you.
Thanks for the drink.
Hey.
It's okay. It's okay. it's okay. it's okay.
Hey. it's all right.
It's all right.
You gotta be patient. all right?
Breaking a horse takes time.
All right. Come on.
It's okay. It's okay.
Ready. boss?
What you got there. staten?
An answer.
Who the hell's that?
Looks like Austin water & power
surveying for the pipeline again.
God damn it.
All right. you tell them
that this is private property.
If they don't leave. you shoot 'em.
Kidding. Just... just get rid of 'em.
There it is.
There's your proof.
Proof of what exactly?
Proof there was another
car on the road that night.
Dan. I'm... listen. I'm telling you.
Somebody else made him crash.
Look. I know this is hard.
today being a year and all.
But your boy was alone out
there that night. You understand?
You gotta let this theory go.
Staten...
Hey. Have you thought
about taking a break?
Maybe giving yourself a little vacation?
Well. I'm just saying it
might do you some good.
Might... might do me some good?
You know what would do me some
good. Dan. is if you did your goddamn job.
Why do you let him talk
to you like that. sheriff?
Well. because that man has
lost everything he loves. Kai.
And he's looking for a reason.
Even if there isn't one.
Want me to get in there?
Smaller hands.
No. I'll get it.
Hey.
Talk to me.
I'm good.
Would you just let me fix the damn belt?
Yeah. you know what? Have at it. staten.
My mom's a drunk. and
I'm the one who has to stay.
Come on. Your dad wouldn't
make you give up a full ride at ut.
Well. he did.
He doesn't realize being stuck here
is what made my mom the way she is.
I just don't want to end up like her.
I won't.
Hey.
I'm not gonna let that happen.
Not gonna use the power sander?
- You got a power sander?
- Yup.
Might have been. helpful to
let me know before I started.
Well. I'm not one to micromanage.
Don't get up.
I know how hard that
is for you these days.
Couple years ago. I'd have
whooped your ass bad for that.
- Think we both know you still could.
- You want a beer?
No. no. I'm set. How you doing. old boy?
You... getting charitable over here?
We'll see how long he lasts.
What's eating at you?
Austin water & power.
They been dripping
honey in your ear too?
They're trying to.
Davis came by. wants
me to sit down with 'em.
I think we need to lock arms on this. cap.
Let me talk to the utilities commission
and have them run some oversight.
The numbers they're
batting around ain't nothing.
Yeah. I know the numbers. all right?
But these are our
homes we're talking about.
These ranches are our legacy.
Legacy to who?
Our sons are dead.
What can I get you?
Shiner'd be nice.
Did I miss something here?
I saw that article in your little book.
I care about cap.
You could work at half a
dozen ranches for twice the pay.
It just didn't make any sense. And then I.
and then you thought the worst. I get it.
Look. far as other ranches are concerned.
the last place I was at didn't go so well.
Cap was the only one that
didn't ask for references.
As far as that paper.
I was just trying to see
what his place used to be.
see if I could help bring it back.
And that's it?
That's it.
You so much as cross that old man.
I will see to it you suffer.
Yes. ma'am.
Cheers!
Yo. Lucas.
When are you gonna
come work for my dad. man?
- What?
- I mean. like. your brother's there now.
You know. your old man
was there back in the day.
Just a regular Russell family tradition.
Yeah. I guess so.
Your dad taught me how
to ride when I was a kid.
- I didn't know that.
- He was a hell of a wrangler too.
That he was.
Hey.
- What are y'all doing up here?
- You're just in time.
I was about to clear
something up with Lucas here.
You need to leave my woman alone.
My god.
I'm sorry. I think I'm mistaken.
Do we have a problem here?
You gotta be kidding me with
this toxic male whatever this is.
Really? Lucas. let's go.
Come on.
Cops!
Yo. check it out. check it out!
No. no!
God. Did any of you guys drive?
- No.
- Ben was designated.
I don't have a car.
Great.
Okay. well...
Yeah. we have no service
either. so we're stranded.
- Whoa.
- Hey. how is this my fault?
- Let's go.
- What'd I do?
You were not at that show.
Rampart theater. back
row. I swear to god.
You are full of it.
Okay. listen.
I was at school.
Amalah told me that you
had a showcase concert.
So I went into the city
and I. saw you play.
You were... you were unbelievable.
Okay. in case it hasn't
been abundantly clear.
I've had a thing for you
since... since forever.
Look. I... I was always worried that you...
You know. you wouldn't
see me as anything more
than your best friend's little brother
who was utterly infatuated with you.
And yet you've been utterly
infatuated before. Mr. Collins.
I was at your wedding.
Both of them.
Whatever happened to miss Texas?
- It's complicated.
- Okay.
So... Why didn't you go back?
When amalah got sick and
you came home from New York?
Why didn't you go back?
It's complicated.
Hey. June. I'm here to pick up.
Coming right up.
Thank you.
Tell your buddies at Austin
water & power to stop calling.
because I'm not selling. You understand?
Yeah. sorry about that.
Well...
What the hell is she doing with Davis?
My god.
Please. be quiet!
Hey! Hey!
Hey!
And the Darwin award goes to...
All right. There. Let's
take cover over there.
Ghost house? No way. man.
Fine. Freeze.
Guys
Reid. I don't have a
good feeling about this.
This floor isn't stable.
Hey. stop.
- It's gonna be fine.
- Don't. man.
- What?
- Reid. stop.
Reid. no!
God.
- Over there!
- My leg!
Lauren. come on.
Lauren?
Look at me. Walk to me.
I can't move. I can't move.
Don't... don't let me fall.
I won't.
I've got you.
I got you. Come on.
Tim?
Tim!
God.
Come on.
You guys stay put.
Sheriff's on his way.
Look. all right. I could
tell the floor was unsafe.
And I tried to get 'em to stop
horsing around over there.
They didn't. And then the floor gave out.
Nuh.
- No. I'm gonna tell him the truth.
- Let's let him play the hero.
But. Lucas. this is just wrong. Like
you know the truth.
That's all that matters to me.
Is that your dad?
Shit!
Dad. listen. I'm fine. okay?
Give me a minute to explain
not right now.
I'm still mentally composing the lecture
I'm gonna be giving you the next 10 years.
- Let's go.
- 3-1. what's your 20?
Sarge. this is 4-9 Charlie.
I'm gonna say this once and only once.
You stay away from that boy.
- That Russell family is trouble.
- But. dad. you don't understand
it's not up for discussion.
Now. I am willing to
reconsider that cheer clinic.
at least for now. but this...
This is my one condition.
- Hey. Don't worry. Your nephew's okay.
- What happened?
He's banged up.
Broken legs and busted
ribs. but he's gonna be fine.
Your sister's in there now.
Thank you.
So. Davis?
Now's not really the best time.
All right.
You're unbelievable. you know that?
You've had a piece of my heart
for as long as I can remember.
- Hold on. What are...
- listen.
I buried it when you and
amalah started dating.
Buried it even more
when you two got married.
I moved halfway across
the country to avoid it.
When she got sick. I
was here for her and you.
And I've been here ever
since. through all of it.
Through the pain.
the grief.
Through Randall.
And I've waited.
I've waited for you to heal...
To choose me.
But you're never gonna do that. are you?
Quinn. I...
Why do you care what I do?
I don't.
Damn it.
All's going to plan with cap.
But you didn't tell me about the girl.
Does it matter?
We're sure about this?
'Cause once you go through
with it. there's no going back.
That's what I'm counting on.